very well in the afternoon I think about ten
hours more or less publish them four
hot studies in their criteria that they will
they are working on a version of
minecraft for all consoles based
in version 1.6 point 4 he left
then we were going to version 1.6 point 4
in a PC way and we get all the
things that it brings that will practically be the
next update that will be for
way of consoles and in that
update apparently according to study
when he brings witches horse drive
light panels 3 enough things and good
we would have to observe well in detail
the things that brings the 1.6 point 4 that is
prior to 1.7 point 21 points 0.1 but
brings many many things I think a
I'm going to look for it to see if I can
see her
that is, it is open by the way
starting to enter now
let's touch the full list if it's
that is around here I think we have many
more things
in this version of well do not place them
the mods that drop things like
you kill them for example when they walk
swords and in the armor helmet when
the bushes drop all that
is the update I still think that
comes in 1.6 point 4 will have to check
We're going to review the view if it's all
complete list
the gremialista right now because
I do not want to record anymore and it's going to be a video
xbox 360 minecraft montage the
version 1.6 point 4 to show all
the things that will bring
let's check
there is a good one here
of the 500 elements
let me look for it and tell them all the
things that he brings or all the things he was going
to bring supposedly is not confirmed
It has made us come all these
things but if it is according to the version
1.6 point 4 should bring all that
It is low
one is here are
the update 1.6 point 4 let's see that
bring
with your guys
good is in charge of these criminals
where the list is not complete
here it must be here we will be ready
to get an idea of ​​what it is
add to unconfirmed biggest pc
1.6 point 4 only needs to console
to equal good is what the
of those of 4t studies that will be
equivalent to 1.6 point 4 that of
update that having on horseback in
place bats leader skeleton vos
if I go to skeletons and the winter you
let's see what not or what is the complaint
like
like wheat block coal whose
rage block with rage lamp with
Reason lamp that exists today welder
of hoppers remains hoppers funnel sensor
of solar light buyer of remains the
calibration of gold iron rails rails
activators trolleys with chest furnace
diamond and hopper horse armor
iron diamond gold not in singable
book and pen fireworks rein
no bacon rope and lighthouse would not be all
the things that would bring or bring
1,644 that will bring it
the update for consoles are
Working on it
I have what I want
tell them it's 4 minutes with 36